Add enhancements implemented for my diploma thesis (#151)
mpicbg-scicomp/gearshifft: README.md

- cmake 3.7+
- C++14 capable compiler
- Any of the supported FFT libraries:
  - cuFFT 8.0+ (CUDA)
  - clFFT 2.12.0+ (OpenCL)
  - rocFFT (ROCm)
  - FFTW 3.3.4+
  - Intel Math Kernel Library (MKL)¹
  - IBM Engineering and Scientific Subroutine Library (ESSL)¹
  - ARM Performance Libraries (ArmPL)¹
- Boost version 1.59+
  - should be compiled with same compiler version or ...
  - ... disable the C++11 ABI for GCC with the `-DGEARSHIFFT_CXX11_ABI=OFF` cmake option
- [half-code](http://half.sourceforge.net) by [Christian Rau](http://sourceforge.net/users/rauy) for float16 support (currently used for cufft half precision FFTs)

> ¹) The respective FFTW-style wrapper library is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
¹) The respective FFTW-style wrapper library is required for the integration in gearshifft.
```

</details>

> 

Reviewer: More a general term, the support for ESSL and ArmPL is not documented in the README file. We should fix that I think.

Author: There is no "Supported Libraries" section in general. The requirements section names clfft, cufft and fftw, rocfft is only mentioned in the issues, mkl isn't found anywhere.

|         4311444 |  |  * fft_benchmark
|         1337772 |  |  |  * plan_forward
|          111481 |  |  |  |  * instance=1
|          111481 |  |  |  |  * instance=2
|          111481 |  |  |  |  * instance=3
|          111481 |  |  |  |  * instance=4
|          111481 |  |  |  |  * instance=5
|          111481 |  |  |  |  * instance=6
|          111481 |  |  |  |  * instance=7
|          111481 |  |  |  |  * instance=8
|          111481 |  |  |  |  * instance=9
|          111481 |  |  |  |  * instance=10
|          111481 |  |  |  |  * instance=11
|          111481 |  |  |  |  * instance=12
|         1306836 |  |  |  * plan_backward_no_reuse
|          108903 |  |  |  |  * instance=1
|          108903 |  |  |  |  * instance=2
                       ...
|         1137828 |  |  |  * transform_forward
|           94819 |  |  |  |  * instance=1
                       ...
|          528948 |  |  |  * transform_backward
|           44079 |  |  |  |  * instance=1
                       ...
```

This report states that e.g. every executed forward transformation (`transform_forward`) consumed 94,819 single precision
floating point operations (Flops).

> For the sake of precise time measurement, this also includes one operation that is caused by the

Reviewer: I don't see this `one operation` in the example above. Maybe you want to comment on the fact if this is depicted or not.

Author: Does this make it more clear? https://github.com/mpicbg-scicomp/gearshifft/pull/151/commits/940ac73c28613a765b6d19c12f28cff68cf105ef
